Um So this is the interface, I'm sure you have seen Gen
Wizard for SI and A MS already.
Uh This is the SAP version of it
to get started.
This is a project that I explicitly created for SAP.
And once you launch it, what you see is the same field that and I showed you earlier,
the left hand side talks about compressing the transformation.
So all of our TDLC or SDLC like we call it
uh fits into the left hand side of the
wheel
and right hand side is all about empowering the business,
whether it's your industry function, use cases, whether it's cross cutting,
use cases like data and insides or change in talent.
What I'll focus on today is the left hand side.
So your discover in vision, your design code build test and uh
A MS which you probably have seen already.
Um
OK. With that, I'll um jump on to the actual demo.
And what you see now on the left hand side is
exactly the same six sections that you saw on the video,
right?
The first three are the left hand side discover and vision design implement,
run evolve and the the next three industry,
function data and insight and change and talent are
the cross cutting ones that I spoke about earlier.
So those are more of
uh the uh the business oriented or value use cases.
Now,
um in sap all of us know that we
usually would start regenerating a client's business process hierarchy.
Or if client has any,
we kind of work on completing it with our standard golden samples and build a
uh
uh scope processes or the the processes that are in scope for the client
um using our repositories like B PM,
right? So that's exactly what this use case does.
You can input a client's hierarchy.
Usually,
we we had seen that clients would have a hierarchy that's either incomplete or
has only limited levels of information like level 12 and
three and may not have a level four or beyond.
Um
So we ask them to upload it,
then we compare it against our gold golden sample
and we will come out with a more complete,
accurate
uh process scope for the client.
And then the client would have a choice
to select the ones that make sense to that. So let me go ahead and show you
the action.
So if I say generate a client process hierarchy, it actually would ask me to upload
a file and I'm
simulated something. So I have a,
let's say AAA process hierarchy.
And before I actually show you I'll o I'll open that process hierarchy.
The process hierarchy currently is up to level three as you see here, right?
But what you will see now is I've generated
level four after this use case is generated.
So let me go ahead and close this before I upload.
So I'll upload this.
And while it is uploading, it's actually using
all the
knowledge that we would have in our own database saying what
are the standard processes up to level 45 and six,
it would also go to open A I.
In case we don't find the right processes
in our own repository, we always start with our own micron
dot BBM
and then go to open A
I.
So now it is doing that. It's it's
it's checking with the golden sample and ensuring
that it gives us output with the accurate
uh level four. So
let me go ahead and show you the output that it generated.
So this is just generated by me.
And now you will see
all those that client had input, it was up to level three.
But now you get further split right.
In material master you get creation update deletion.
Similarly, in procurement, it had
it would give more details, you know, in
quota agreement here, it'll give you more details of each of these.
So this is a sample, but of course,
client hierarchies are much larger and it would give you all those
filled up with the accurate data.
And then you can have your process experts to come and select and say
this is my scope in my project or my program that I'm currently doing.
Let's say I'm doing only, you know, master data management, you can
pick that up and say create
business process hierarchy, very specific to the client. So this now gets built
into one of our my
apps called BPH, which will,
which you can continuously use through the delivery of the project to manage
the scope for the design deliverables, everything in the respective
uh process. And all of that,
I'll, I'll open those up and, and show you how it
gets created, but I'll move ahead in interest of time and show you the next use case,
which is fit to standard.
Now that you have the client's hierarchy and
the scope identified in the previous step.
What you do now is compare it against our golden sample.
And for the people who are aware
um project bolt actually created a four E mapping.
Uh We, we calling it fit to standard. So can't understand it.
But the four E mapping actually tells you that your current processes
and S four standard process, how do they map
and it actually gives you output in four E terms.
Now, first is embrace, which means you take it, take them as its, you know,
no change needed then is elevate where you tweak only the configurations
then is uh enhance where you have to actually write some of
a code to be able to get that function.
And the last one is eliminate,
where you would have already covered that functionality somewhere
else and you can completely eliminate that process.
So once you feed the input to ja I
and, and
uh ask it to generate the fit to standard,
it took the same process hierarchy that you saw earlier getting generated and
uh
it will give you a fit to standard mapping now.
So if you see the same process hierarchy up to level four is populated here.
But last two columns are actually our own recommendations.
Accenture recommendations around how will this fit the standard?
So instead of calling it, let's say man
material master creation, we recommend it should be called
managed material master finish code.
Yeah, because this is more closer to how SAPS
four calls it
and it can, this process can be embraced
as in can be taken as is
without any changes at all. OK?
Whereas this one specifically service master creation
needs some sort of
elevation,
which means you will need some configuration changes before you can use it in four.
Similarly, you would have eliminate
enhance
uh where you would need some changes to the code as well
identified.
OK.
With that, we can move on to the next step,
which is actually creating the user requirements now
that you have fit to standard maps available.
Anything other than eliminate becomes your scope.
Whether you take it as is embrace you and you wanna enhance it, write some a back code
or elevate it, write some configurations.
So those three is actually come input to this,
which again is compared against our repository of user stories.
If we, if we have it in our own accenture repository, we pull it from accenture.
If not, we go to open A I and pull it from there.
And what outcome you get is a detailed user story and I'll show you how,
how these
look. Um So I can go ahead and fire that prompt.
So please generate the user stories for the business
processes that we identified in the previous step.
And it will generate those for us in a minute and notify us as soon as it's done,
it's done, it's in progress, sorry.
And while it is
doing that, maybe I'll show you the previous version that's already run.
So Shweta had run this a few minutes ago, but you will get
outputs like what you see on the screen, right?
The title of the story, the description, the acceptance criteria,
all of this generated on the fly
using either our repositories behind the scene or open A I.
And of course, you have abilities to edit it, change thing if you think it,
it's not done the job right away, right?
And you also have abilities to select these use cases or user stories
and push it into our
a repository.
It's, it's another app that will allow you to put all of these user stories together
for the people who are familiar with that app.
It's called uh RR A requirement, a readiness assistant.
And it actually takes these user stories and runs it against that
A
Giles Invest Q principle and says this story is really good.
This story needs some tweaking for, make it more testable,
make it more valuable and I could give you a quick glimpse of how that
app looks as well.
Um So let me
quickly
show you how RR A is gonna look. So it actually gives you a good recommendation around
uh how how good your user stories are
and this
the RR A was shown in the morning
session
in the
great.
OK, perfect. Then I need that.
OK. So then you can get on to the next step, which so far
this is all Greenfield. We created everything from scratch.
This piece is where you can use it in in
the brown field scenario where you can read your ECC objects
and you can then
compare it with standard objects of of S four.
And what outputs you get is something similar to four E that I explained earlier.
That was for processes. This will be actually for the pieces of code or objects.
It'll say
this code piece can be shift, lifted and shifted as its embrace
this piece will need some enhancements and tweaking. So
elevate this piece is actually can be eliminated.
So it will give you very similar analysis but at the code level,
not at the process level.
And this is actually ECC code. So I'll not be able to show you the actual ECC output. Um
But uh we, we have a videos that I can pass on the links to that you can observe,
but you would be able to get a similar
similarity analysis of all the ECC core components.
OK.
Then we get on the next phase which is actually creating
uh
D BT A standard AD M
way of calling it here. In the third one, we call it design and implement.
So first thing is you create your design deliverables.
There are four types of deliverables that you can create in this.
The T DS, the technology design, the functional design, the BP DS,
the business trust document are configurations
and what input is currently,
it takes Q and A but it can pretty much take
the inputs from previous L four level process as well.
Or it can give if, if the clients already have their own TDFD,
you can feed those uh to generate further.
So if you feed FD, it'll create T DS.
If you feed process, it'll create BP DS
uh so on and so forth.
OK? And I'll quickly show you how this looks. This is a copilot,
but it, you can ask,
it'll ask you some basic questions and what functionality let's say,
I say finance then within finance, which modules?
So let's say I say
then, then it will say OK, fine. Which, which document the four that I spoke of?
Let's say I wanna do functional design.
Then it'll ask you what, which, which SAP system I say S four Hana.
And then it'll ask you, you know one which, which one of these are ISFS a report
and then it'll ask you more details around industry function, all those details.
And in the end keep creating. So
it,
let's say I say cost compared
as the uh keyword that I want sorry.
And then it will go into our micro
consulted repository. We we have a database which is vectorized called quasar.
It, it searches all the sections that match with this industry, this function,
this uh particular phrase that we've given around cost
comparison and builds your documents section by section.
This takes a little bit of time,
but I'll show you offline document that I have downloaded uh
that I can open uh for you
and
let this run in the background,
but you could run uh you could build all your TDF
according.
OK?
And and there will still be some sections that it may
not find and it highlights those as I was saying,
I didn't find the content for those,
but there are sections that it finds and populate.
So some of your work is already done and available to you to work on for
going back to the Zen wizard. Um
There are similar use cases.
Some of these are, you know, generating configured,
create your configurations um then generating interface mappings.
This will create your interface mappings.
Uh The one that I would show you is uh generating an A B A code. And again, like um IB
A is not abundantly available on, on, on the internet.
And that's why GP T 315 didn't have a great outcome with that.
So we're trying with G BT four
Tovo
and we started seeing some improvement, but with the current uh pieces,
we have generated some code so you can see it.
Uh Let's say I'm gonna do a ALV report.
If I fire this prompt,
it will go into our repositories as well as open a eyes repository
and generate us a web code to start
with current accuracy is about 3040 50% and trying to work on improving it. As we go.
You see now it has generated this
a, a code for us for a LB report.
There is a way that you can, you know,
change this and look for the exact prompt behind this.
What prompt went in?
How does it look sys, how does the system prompt look?
Um You know all of this, you can copy, paste it, run it on your own.
And other feature that you would have is
there's a prompt marketplace which allows you to not try your own prompts on,
on different sorts of um
uh
uh models. Like you can go to GP T, you can go to Lama, you can go to
uh bedrock and so on and so forth.
Um You have abilities to edit the prompt. You have abilities to change
and you can,
you can harvest your own prompts as well if you've done it for
your clients more than happy for you to come back and contribute,
using this plus sign where you can put in your prompt,
we will have a workflow to validate it
and make it part of our prompt like butting
uh
going back.
So,
uh we looked at the A B A code similarly, we're working on
and
C which are the new uh ways of developing the uh uh uh
SAP code uh
that SAP has it resolved.